Create basic article 8_fragments.md (#59)
utkarsh006/Eazy-Android: Articles/8_fragments.md

> A Fragment represents a reusable portion of your app's UI. A fragment defines and manages its own layout, has its own lifecycle, and can handle its own input events. Fragments cannot live on their own--they must be hosted by an activity or another fragment. The fragment’s view hierarchy becomes part of, or attaches to, the host’s view hierarchy.

Author: ```suggestion
# Fragments

A Fragment represents a reusable portion of your app's UI. A fragment defines and manages its own layout, has its own lifecycle, and can handle its own input events. Fragments cannot live on their own--they must be hosted by an activity or another fragment. The fragment’s view hierarchy becomes part of, or attaches to, the host’s view hierarchy.
```

# Fragments

> 

Author: ```suggestion

*(all texts in the article from https://developer.android.com/guide/fragments)*  

```

Some operations cause your fragment to lose state.

See https://developer.android.com/guide/fragments/saving-state for details.

## Communicating with fragments

To reuse fragments, build each as a completely self-contained component that defines its own layout and behavior. Once you have defined these reusable fragments, you can associate them with an activity and connect them with the application logic to realize the overall composite UI.

To properly react to user events, or to share state information, you often need to have channels of communication between an activity and its fragments or between two or more fragments. To keep fragments self-contained, you should not have fragments communicate directly with other fragments or with its host activity.

The Fragment library provides two options for communication: a shared `ViewModel` and the Fragment Result API. The recommended option depends on the use case. o share persistent data with any custom APIs, you should use a `ViewModel`.

See https://developer.android.com/guide/fragments/communicate for details.

## More insights on how to use with fragements

> Fragements are interconnected with activities. Learn more about the introductionary words above on https://developer.android.com/guide/fragments.

Author: ```suggestion
Fragments are interconnected with activities. Learn more than the introductory words above at https://developer.android.com/guide/fragments.
```
